Have you thought about it?
It's very cool, Michael.
It's not the right time to talk about it.
You don't want it?
If I wasn't serious about this,
about us, I wouldn't do it all much.
I hope so.
We're gathered here because your elbow,
Blake Hunter, had chosen Aluma.
And tonight, I have the pleasure of presenting her to you.
Miss Natalia White of the moon hollers pack
will be your leader.
You will respect her, protect her, and love her,
just as you do each other.
The moon goddess has blessed us with not only the most
about the mooners, but the white wolf.
It can be.
It's light.
It's a myth.
Great.
Here comes more death and destruction.
Silence!
I know it's hard to believe.
But two years ago, rumors of the white wolf spread.
And many people died to acquit this thing again.
Your parents told you it was just a story.
It's all tale.
But it's not true.
Today, we're going to prove it to you.
I summon you later.
Come forth.
Come on!
Shit!